# Python-Api-Challenge

For this challenge, I will need to add a .gitignore file to the repo. Doing so will prevent the api_keys.py file that contains the API key from being shared with the public. If you or anyone skips this step, anyone using GitHub could copy and use your API key, and you may incur charges as a result. This challenge is broken down into two deliverables, WeatherPy and VacationPy.

---

## Part 1: WeatherPy

In this part, I'll create a Python script to visualize the weather of over 500 cities of varying distances from the equator. I'll use the Python library, the [OpenWeatherMap API](https://openweathermap.org/api), and some problem-solving skills to create a representative model of weather across cities.

---

## Part 2: VacationPy

In this part, I'll use some weather data skills to plan future vacations. Also, I'll use Jupyter notebooks, the geoViews Python library, and the Geoapify API. The code needed to import the required libraries and load the CSV file with the weather and coordinates data for each city created are in Part 1.

The main tasks will be to use the Geoapify API and the geoViews Python library and employ Python skills to create map visualizations.


> [!NOTE]
> THIS CODE WAS WRITTEN BY DAVID RUVALCABA. The starter code was given by edX Boot Camps LLC. The dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and taken from GEOAPIFY and openweathermap.org/api. Assisted by Xpert Learning and instructed on some errors by John Ellis and Kaylie Butler.
